[ML] adding new defer_definition_decompression parameter to put trained model API (#77189)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/ml/df-analytics/apis/put-trained-models.asciidoc

(Required, string)
include::{es-repo-dir}/ml/ml-shared.asciidoc[tag=model-id]

[[ml-put-trained-models-query-params]]
== {api-query-parms-title}

`defer_definition_decompression`::

> (Optional, Boolean)

Author: ```suggestion
(Optional, boolean)
```

> Should the request defer definition decompression and skip relevant

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If set to `true` and a `compressed_definition` is provided, the request defers definition decompression and skips relevant
```

> validations when a `compressed_definition` is provided.

Reviewer: If my first suggestion is accepted, this is the second half:
```suggestion
validations.
```

> This would be useful for systems or users that know a good JVM heap size estimate for their

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This deferral is useful for systems or users that know a good JVM heap size estimate for their
```

> model and that their model is valid and likely won't fail during inference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
model and know that their model is valid and likely won't fail during inference.
```
